on this episode of saving private good
boy
[Music]
toby help i need help i need healing
toby this is a sniper
leaving me
i've read your comments you guys have
said you never revisit this projects
well you guys are actually probably
right but you're wrong in this case
because we're actually going to revisit
the amphibious boat vehicle
bye-bye
we had problems last time such as the
chain drive exploding the propeller gear
ratio being wrong and some other things
that kind of suck i have successfully
made a boat that pumps water into itself
this time we're gonna modify to make it
look like the brdm2 featured in pubg
mobile are sponsored for this video
pudgy mobile is one of the most played
games in the world with over 700 million
downloads in the last two years it's a
free to play mobile title where up to
100 players parachute onto an island to
battle in a winner takes all showdown
pubg mobile has just released the new
mad miramar update which will feature
some new additions to the classic
miramar map including united oasis and
racetrack as well as introducing new
weapon updates and many more exciting
new features royal past season 13 has
just started and features a toy
playground theme with rare outfits like
the ice and fire ranger there's also a
new cheer park where you can interact
with other players in real time view
their stats squad up and even roast
chicken together pubg mobile is the
perfect game on the go it's perfect for
when i'm waiting for dave to finish
editing my videos and waiting for my
welds to cool down so click the link in
the description check out the game for
free and i'll see you on the battlefield
anyways it's time to actually modify
this vehicle because we got a lot of
work to do
[Music]
it's time to tear down out with this old
junky gas motor and out with the crappy
frame now we're actually gonna cut this
plate out and that caulking is still a
little juicy so we're gonna use some
really thick steel this time
[Music]
it's super thick it's actually one and a
half inch eighth inch steel wall tubing
because we definitely want to make sure
this thing doesn't move anywhere since
last time we had these problems the
frame is flat
weld this thing up
now it's time to use our cnc plasma
cutter and knock out some of these parts
huge thanks to one of my friends hooking
us up with this machine a little bit
more layer
[Music]
this is the amazon brushless go-kart
motor kit
install the chain now actually taking
part of brushless trolling motor too
also from amazon cut down the trolling
motor shaft
and do some quick soldering and stick
the motor into the base
the way we did this last time with the
toilet hanging off the back was a little
bit to cop out so this is a little more
integrated now it's time to go and plug
in the go-kart parts to make sure this
thing actually works tighten down the
tensioner bolts and plug it in
let's see if this amazon go car kit
works
but that doesn't look very good but at
least it works
it works
[Music]
i don't like full power
before you drive this
we got this last time and forgot to put
it on the most important thing
[Music]
wow
uh in case of emergency just yank the
wires got it so this turn this on turn
it on click
all right let's see it you should be
good to go
hey
that works pretty good oh it's so quiet
full power
all right that's pretty good it's
actually not very torquey but the top
end's pretty good because the gearing is
a little bit off right now this motor is
like not maximum of torque but a good
amount of high end speed because this
thing actually does go kind of fast
faster than i wanted to what we need to
do is reduce the gearing so we need a
smaller pinion gear and a larger spur
gear to change that ratio up because
this thing needs more torque
now with the old plate and in for some
upgrades also huge thanks to everlasting
with the plasma cutter for our csc
machine it makes making these parts
super easy and super quick
now it's time to build our wheel speed
reduction unit actually we're going to
drop down the ratio even further by
adding a series of gears and pulleys to
kind of reduce the overall speed of the
wheels but increasing the torque
not gonna bend this time that's for sure
also we're upgrading to hydraulic brakes
this time rather than the crappy drum
cylinder and cable we had problems
stopping last time and this time we will
be able to stop for sure and keep from
us from running over small children
adding a little bit more reduction we're
gonna go for maximum torque and low top
end speed because i don't really care
about going fast in a john boat i just
want to care about getting out the water
in a reasonable time frame tighten up
the tensioner do the last bit of
wrenching on this thing
adjust the rudder cables hook up the uc
and [__] up the last bit of the frame
and keep water out of this thing
although i still think it's probably
gonna leak because we didn't do a very
good job of sealing up all the holes
rudder cable still works same as last
time
action
that is a lot better i was mostly just
giving it a little bit of gas and i kept
going oh so now one
one takes off a lot smoother
[Music]
oh he has no problem at all yeah it's
got power
all right let's fix this thing up and
let's go it even has these finger
pinching potentials
[Music]
so last time out here it was gas powered
and the chain exploded i think and it
almost killed you yeah it was like a
year ago it should be better this time
[Music]
man
in reverse these speeds don't matter
because it goes really fast backwards
[Music]
so
that's pretty cool this actually looks
pretty cool from this point of view
that's army themed
what's up gamers
okay we are done with the build i am
exhausted
we are finished with the build it is
cardboard foam and tape and some other
stuff it's like the bdr m2 accepted
skipped leg day because the wheels are
awfully small but the rest of it looks
pretty good especially from the front i
like it it's time to take it for some
real trials we got a creek in this
backyard and we're gonna take it down
there and we're gonna see how it
performs with these new electric
upgrades and the better trolling motor
so let's see what it does
[Music]
let's get ahead
i'm stuck
yeah i just dig yourself a hole does
all right well it appears the creek has
kind of filled with a bit of water we do
see beavers however but there's no real
gravel spots where we can actually get
all the water so unfortunately this is
kind of a bust
we have to go back to eastwood lake
let's go
[Music]
look at that duck that's so weird
anyways so that didn't work out quite
well at home turns out the creek was
actually a little bit high we couldn't
really find much gravel to run into so
we're gonna come back here to the normal
lake but i have one more thing i want to
do after we get some cool b-roll this
thing driving around
[Music]
there appears to be water coming out of
my boat i forgot to put the bilge plug
in and now it's full of water again for
the second time you think i would learn
less than the first time but probably
not
[Music]
[Applause]
right here
[Music]
all right so that was sick it did the
exact same things it did last year but
my last trick is the boat ramp because
we don't know if it's going to go
exactly up the boat ramp i know we'll go
down the boat ramp no problem
but we're going to see if we can go up
so let's try that next
[Music]
all right moment of truth boys
um
[Music]
[Laughter]
all right so i think that concludes this
second part of the project we actually
revisit it it's better than it was
except for the cardboard it looks pretty
cool anyways yeah the electric drive
works good the trolling motor was great
we broke a few props and we learned
something if you want to see part three
say something down below we'll
definitely look into doing it maybe four
we'll drive next time
but yeah i'm leaving
bye peter see you later
[Music]
you